# Retrospective 2 Meeting Notes
**Date:** November 18, 2025

**Sprint:**  2


## Attendees
 <!-- List all team members who attended -->
- Annie Phan  
- Abhiraj Srivastava  
- Dingyi Yu  
- Indresh Pradeepkumar  
- Jeffrey Hata  
- Juan Yin  
- Lillian Liu  
- Shravya Ramasahayam  
- Shresth Grover  
- Sneh Davaria  
- Zihan Zhou  

## Radar
<!-- How each person generally feels about how team is doing in each area of continuous improvement -->

<!-- Categories are areas of improvement, action items, change, learning, follow-through -->
![Radar](/admin/meetings/screenshots/sprint-2/retro-2.png)

Overally, as a team we feel that thinsg are going well, however, we feel that there could be more change and learning that could be done.


--- 

![Retrium](/admin/meetings/screenshots/sprint-2/retrium.png)

## What Went Well?
<!-- Notes about things that went well in the last sprint -->
- Codebase Health: 
    - code more standardized than first sprint
    - added documentation
- Progress:
    - sticking with the process
    - more features worked on and project coming together
    - core functionalities implemented
    - task delegation and task completion
- Positive team morale:
    - working smoothly and tasks are aligned
    - app is developing and everyone is exposed to different parts of it
    - have something to demo


## What Didn't Go Well?
<!-- Notes about things that did not go well in the last sprint -->
- Progress unclear:
    - unclear how much progress is being made
- PR Blocker
    - need multiple peer reviewers
    - PRs were waiting to be reviewed by people
    - Merging took a while (consistency and testing); integration can be done better
    - some unfinished tasks
- UI needs improvement

## Reflection / High Notes
<!-- Points that we discussed based on our Retrium radar and what went well/didn't go well -->
- Progress was great as a team (we are sticking with the process and implemented core functionalities)
- Positive team morale
    - we work well together and should continue to keep working hard
    - great work to everyone!
- PR Reviews
    - need to assign people to PRs
    - reviews are blocking our merges
- UI 
    - needs improvement and consistency across project

## Areas of Improvement / Next Steps
<!-- Points of weakness that we as a team want to work on and improve for next sprint -->
- Fix our backlog by merging existing PRs
- We will assign a team member to review our PRs and let them know over Slack (at least one team + team member)
- UI needs to be standardized (Zihan is UI lead)
